Prof Gefen,

Hello, I'm a PhD Student at Brown University working with Dima Feldman. I'm inquiring as to whether there might be any postdoctoral positions at the Weizmann institute starting in Fall 2017.
You can find papers I've co-written with Dima at (arxiv ref).



I'm graduating this Winter and then will be teaching a course on Topological Materials as a Visiting Professor in the Spring.



I don't know if I have much to say about his work

My skills:
familiarity with bosonization
background in the QHE



Anyon intereferomtry seems like its what i've been bred for.
I understand more or less the basics of what is going on it that paper.





I'm sorry that I didn't inquire earlier. I had reservations about a language barrier but Dima has reassured me that that is not an issue. 


Closely aligns with your work.






incude my cv? I haven't workshopped it yet.
Okay, suppose I was applying to Dima. He would hate the shit on my CV.
Man. Fuck physics. Physicists are so intensely uptight about their stupid fucking garbage.
People are, really. Fuck people is maybe the actual sentiment.


Hi Dima,

It seems like what appears in the Bonderson-Slingerland paper not unlike in qualitative spirit even for the PH-Pfaffian, as they do discuss taking the particle hole conjugate of non-abelian states. I don't know how to prove that you cannot get the state we've been talking about from it, but I also don't particularly see any real evidence to believe it is in the hierarchy. At least, I haven't found anything explicit mentioned that would match the filling factor or the smallest charge (e/7) of our state. Do you think there is a methodology to conclusively show that one cannot derive it using the Bonderson-Slingerland approach?
 As for examining the small particle number wavefunction for 3 particles at least, I believe it does not reduce to zero. I must say that I'm rather uncomfortable with the wavefunction since I don't have a good derivation other than it appears similar to the Z3 read-rezayi state and has the right filling factor.
I need an instructor override code to sign up for research credits. Thanks for reminding me. 

-Philip




On one point our state has bizaare filling factor. So that's nice.
On a second point


Hi Dima,

I do not know what to do in regards to my future.

Now is clearly the time when I have to absolutely make the decision of if a post-doc is what I want and if so, be applying. I am paralyzed with uncertainty. 

I don't feel as if I've been a very successful graduate student. You've expressed and I've felt disappointment with my progress. 

What I have learned the most in my time with you is not just physics, but how one should approach problems and about my nature.

I now know that the right thing to do when presented with a problem is just to launch into it in total confusion, but I still find it difficult to do so. I read more than do (although less than when I started) even though I believe one can learn a great deal more in 10 minutes of trying than an hour of reading. A sign of laziness. Reading is a passive activity, much easier than doing. 

I don't stay focussed. If something offtopic is the thing that is interesting me at the moment, I cannot tear away from it, even as I look on from the outside in horror as I dig myself into a hole and days are wasted.

I don't see how these parts of myself are going to change.

I don't think my odds of getting accepted are high, but even if I were to get a post-doc position, I worry that it might be wasted on me or that I'd be unable to meet expectations either due to my tendencies. I am aware that imposter syndrome is highly common among graduate students, but also sometimes it might be true. Also, the idea of living in a foreign country for years frightens me and weighs in on my thoughts. I do not have a talent for languages, and I worry that I would become extremely isolated.

You know what it takes to be a research scientist, and I do not know if I have it. I would appreciate complete brutal honesty. Do you think that I should still be pursuing a career in academia or would I be better off moving on to something else?

Thanks,
Philip





Hi Dima,

I do not know what to do in regards to my future.

I am paralyzed with uncertainty. Now is clearly the time when I have to absolutely make the decision of if a post-doc is what I want and if so, be applying. 

I don't feel as if I've been a successful graduate student. You've expressed and I've felt disappointment with my progress. 

I don't think my odds of getting accepted are high, but even if I were to get a post-doc position, I worry that it might be wasted on me or that I'd be unable to meet expectations either due to my tendencies. I am aware that imposter syndrome is highly common among graduate students, but also sometimes it might be true. Also, the idea of living in a foreign country for years frightens me and weighs in on my thoughts. I do not have a talent for languages, and I worry that I would become extremely isolated.

You know what it takes to be a research scientist, and I do not know if I have it. I would appreciate complete brutal honesty. Do you think that I should still be pursuing a career in academia or would I be better off moving on to something else?

Thanks,
Philip

This time when you're gone and I'm more independent has only driven the point home further.

I don't stay focussed. If something offtopic is the thing that is interesting me at the moment, I cannot tear away from it, even as I look on from the outside in horror as I dig myself into a hole and days are wasted.

At the same time, If I come out the other side of (a failed?) post-doc and then have to move on, I'll just be older. I'd rather be starting fresh in my 20s. Maybe I'll have to start fresh in my 30s 40s 50s 60s 70s 80s anyhow, but I have a choice on this one. Buying into some fallacy of progress.

God, i am a whiny millennial.

I know that tons of people move to foreign countries and it is hard, but they deal with it. I'm not certain that I can handle it, or if I can whether I'll be miserable. I don't trust myself. The situation during Koski broke me.

Youve changed my attitude towards what is the right thing to do, but I rarely behave in accordance with what i think is the right thing to do. And the dissonance makes me miserable.
Starting grad school, I was certain that I should go into a career in academia. Now,
 I don't feel the same passion that I did then. Things other than physics interest me the most these days. I don't even waste time reading about physics anymore. I waste time reading about other nonsense. I don't have original ideas. i work on project you give me and would be totally lost if i had to generate my own projects.
 I feel like my phsics knowledge is in a state of decay.
 I think that the life of an academic is hard. You are expectedt to be all sacrificing and I don't know if I can or should be like that.
 On the other hand, to stop physics now would feel like quitting, and I believe it deserves another shot.  And It is totally possible that physics could become an all consuming interest again. It is an interesting topic.
 I do feel a call to programming. And there is an allure to startup culture.
 Doing physics about rocks that won't exist is uninspiring. It feels neither deep (like some graivty or high energy stuff could be) nor applied (like computer stuff or engineering)
 I see professors wandering the halls and dealing with snot nosed undergrads and I think it seems horrible.
 I also see people working day jobs and think that sounds even more horrible.




To stop now feels like giving up, but maybe I should.

The production of some final product matters because understanding fades. Thinking done totally internal to oneself doesn't matter that much.

 My first response to seeing a mountain to climb is to wander around the base picking flowers rather than getting started. I don't think anybody understands every aspect of even the topic they're working on, but the trick is to produce correct work even under that veil of confusion and to only pick the right fights. Or else you are stuck on the mud.

 if not conveyed in some form, without some final product, some communication to others. In that sense, the focus on publication is not so bad.



Uncharacteristically, I'm asking for advice.

Topics remain familiar and are easier to pick up a second time than the first, but the details fade with time.

Maybe I've learned

Maybe a change of location and enviroment would be really good

To be surrounded by excited people might change me entirely

A change of topic (Even if it is still topological physics) would be reinvigorating. Actually, i would like it if it wasn't topological physics.

Experiments intrigues me

Computation intrigues mes.

I would like to do more

I don't know if I can get a post-doc. But I should try, and if I fail, so be it. Then I'll do something else.
Maybe even apply again next year if i don't like that something else. Well... actually I'll be just starting the new thing MAYBE when I'd have to apply again.

So a two year break possibly? I wonder if that happens. Like that brookhaven job, makes sense. If I was working as a programmer for a year, that should be a plus even.

So, part and parcel is to finish up this Dima thing.
Slam out that thesis.
Do the course (which honestly, I have pretty decent notes to work off of. I just need to dumb them down.)

BOOM! BACK ON TOP.




