Abstract
Vague enough such that if the work does work it is still ok
um Hall effect at ν = 5/2.
1 DMITRI FELDMAN, PHILIP ZUCKER,
Brown Univ — Numerical results suggest that the quantum Hall effect at ν = 5/2 is
described by the Pfaffian or anti-Pfaffian state in the absence of disorder and Landau
level mixing. In realistic samples both disorder and Landau level mixing are strong
on the 5/2 plateau. The experimental observation of the upstream neutral mode
on the sample edge is incompatible with the Pfaffian state. Tunneling experiments
give an upper bound on the universal exponent g in the zero bias conductance
G ∼ T
2g−2
. That bound is inconsistent with the anti-Pfaffian state. We show that a
recent proposal of the PH-Pfaffian topological order by Son is compatible with the
tunneling experiments and the observation of the upstream mode. The quasiparticle
statistics of the PH-Pfaffian state is similar to the statistics in the Pfaffian and
anti-Pfaffian states and its interferometric signatures are also similar to those of
the Pfaffian and anti-Pfaffian topological orders. The absence of the particle-hole
symmetry at ν = 5/2 is not an obstacle to the existence of the PH-Pfaffian order
since the order is robust to symmetry breaking.




Particle-Hole symmettry and topological order in the second landau level 

The nu=5/2 filling factor remains a tantalizing possible physical realization of non-abelian anyons, but the situation remains unclear. The bound of the universal scaling exponent g given by tunneling experiments and the observation of upstream neutral modes restrict significantly the realm of possible nu=5/2 states. This scaling bound is inconsistent with the Anti-Pfaffian and the observation of a topologically protected upstream neutral mode is incompatible with the Pfaffian, the two states most favored by numerics.
The two states that are compatible with currently available experiments are the 113 and PH-Pfaffian topological order.
We show a classification of a the proposed states in the nu=5/2 state and the smoking gun experimental observations necessary to clairfy the situation.
